* Bugs to Fix:
   menu x button makes it so you can't reopen that menu
   you have to press within the menu at least once to get it to recognize any button clicks -- hack fixed
   
   the preview pattern in the repeat menu doesn't get the x/yAmount based on the offset
   if you save a pattern and open it later in a bigger window, it's not going to be big enough
   esc within the color picker exits out of the entire program
   the current line doesn't scale with home/end
   the left/right slider buttons still aren't working properly
   something's wrong with repeat... 
   make repeat (or at least the preview) center the pattern in the middle of the surface
   cut out line doubling up on repeating patterns
   turn mirroring off as you create a pattern
   Label is all messed up
   Add a bunch of file checking stuff
      check if the file already exists so you don't overwrite it (confirmation window)
      check that you're allowed to write there
      check that you have a correct file extension, warn if you don't
   fix/finish saves
   add a slash to the end of the file path, and have a suggested filename
   have q/middle click and e erase all line in mirror modes


Features to extend:
   add dynamic width and height to image saving
   The gui can certainly be optimized a lot
   add a dark theme option checkbox
   add the ability to exclude a specific line when repeating by erasing it in the repeat menu

   undo (especially with mirroring) gets desynced easily. Make undo and redo tuples to hold all the previous actions?
   make the GUI element positions relative to the size of the window, but have them cap off at a certain value
   add a button that saves the previewed pattern in the repeat GUI without having to leave the menu
   anti-alias exported images
   add a custom button disabled image to the toolbar buttons
   figure out how to invert the text color for the toolbar button numbers


Refactoring changes:
   phase out the Color class entirely
   phase out all widths and heights in favor of sizes
   simplify all point comparisons from before i overloaded the operators


Options to add:
   add a darkmode option
   add a toolbar position option
   add tooltips to all the options
   "show welcome menu"
   make seperate 'include halfsies' boxes for each side (aka 4 of them)
   add tooltips explaining all the options
   add a repeating option to offset the pattern (like stacked cannonballs instead of a checkers board)
   add a reapeating option to flip the pattern every other instance


Features to add
   add a vsync option
   add 3D!
   add allow/disallow screensaver option
   add an error message if the program can't find various files (setttings file, saves folder, etc.)
   add an option that lets you select which monitor you want to use (pygame.display.setmode() display flag)
   add zooming in
   have shift mouse scrolling change the line color
   all the menus
   hide the mouse when the ignoreMouse is true
   add a setting to optionally have the mouse hidden all the time and only show the focus
   add a metabox somehow?
   add repeating
      have a key specify the points, and have circles around the specified points
   add the ability to color in areas inbetween the lines
   add copy and paste functionality (select with the bounds box maybe?)
   add an option that lets you put a picture as the background?
   


 * maybe have the repeater (somehow) recognize if it's a tesselation, and then have an x and a y setting pop up to specify the overlap.
    - Perhaps have different kinds tesselation presets?
 * consider changing the name "GeoDoodle" to "The Tesselator"
 * area selector with the mouse (specifically for an eraser)
 * add capability to use more (or less) than 4 enters to select and area
 * add different shapes to repeat (repeat within a square, triangle, hexagon, etc.)
    - add an option to choose which
 * add lines showing the current progress of the enters area
 * add different colors
    - the ability to color in areas between lines
      - use a recursive function that reads pixels from the surface!
    - be able to change line colors
 * be able to end (and maybe start?) a line along a different line 
    - use a modifier key to be able to do such
 * add automatic dynamic tesselation repeating
    - add an option to turn it on or off
 * added a button that hides the metalines

#* THINGS TO ADD
    # add repeating
    

    add fancy repeating (with a menu)
    maybe add a failsafe in case it's fullscreen and everythings stopped
    add an options to make shift home/end jump more?
    add mirroring (2x, 4, 6x, 8x...)
    have lines scale with dotSpread
    add settings menu gui
    add half spacing with shift arrow keys
    create an algorithm that randomly generates patterns
    add a redo function, and have it include erasing an entire pattern
    add the ability to, when you push a button, end a line along another line, and have the focus reflect that
    add colors (attached to keys? make a toolbar?)
    add sharing?
